abide, about, above, abuse, actor, acute, admit, adopt, adult, after,
again, agent, agree, ahead, alarm, album, alert, alike, alive, allow,
alone, along, alter, amber, amuse, angel, anger, angle, angry, apple,
apply, arena, argue, arise, armed, armor, array, arrow, aside, asset,
audio, audit, avoid, awake, award, aware, awful, bacon, badge, badly,
baker, basin, basis, beach, beard, beast, begin, being, below, bench,
berry, birth, black, blade, blame, blank, blast, blaze, bleed, bless,
blind, block, blood, bloom, blown, board, boast, bonus, booth, bound,
brain, brand, brave, bread, break, breed, brick, bride, brief, bring,
broad, broke, brook, brown, brush, buddy, build, built, burst, buyer,
cabin, cable, carry, catch, cause, cease, chain, chair, charm, chase,
cheap, cheer, chest, chief, child, chill, china, choir, chose, civil,
claim, class, clean, clear, clerk, click, cliff, climb, clock, cloud,
coach, coast, color, comic, count, cover, crack, craft, crash, crawl,
crazy, cream, creek, creep, crime, crisp, crowd, crown, crush, curve,
cycle, daily, dance, dairy, dated, dawns, death, delay, depth, devil,
diary, diner, dirty, ditch, dizzy, doing, donor, doubt, draft, drama,
drawn, dress, dried, drink, drive, drown, drunk, dryer, eager, early,
earth, eaten, elbow, elder, elect, elite, empty, enemy, enjoy, enter,
equal, error, essay, event, every, evoke, exact, exist, extra, faint,
fairy, faith, false, fancy, fatal, fault, favor, feast, fever, field,
fifth, fight, final, finer, first, flame, flank, flash, fleet, flesh,
float, floor, flour, fluid, flush, flyer, focus, force, forge, forth,
found, frame, fraud, fresh, front, fruit, funny, furry, giant, given,
glade, glare, glory, glove, grace, grade, grain, grand, grant, grave,
great, greet, grief, grill, gross, group, grown, guard, guess, guest
guide, guilt, habit, happy, hardy, harsh, haven, heart, heavy, hedge,
hello, hence, hobby, honor, horse, hotel, house, human, humor, hurry,
ideal, idiot, image, imply, inbox, index, infer, inlet, inner, input,
issue, ivory, jacket, jargon, jewel, joint, judge, juice, jumbo, jumpy,
karma, kayak, keeny, keeps, kettle, knife, knock, known, label, labor,
large, later, laugh, layer, learn, lease, least, leave, legal, lemon,
level, light, limit, lined, linen, liver, local, logic, login, lonely,
loose, lover, lucky, lunar, lunch, lying, lyric, magic, major, maker,
march, marry, match, maybe, mayor, medal, media, mercy, merge, merit,
metal, meter, might, minor, minus, miser, model, modem, moist, money,
month, moral, motor, mount, mouse, mouth, mover, movie, music, naked,
nasty, needy, nerdy, never, niece, night, noble, noise, north, noted,
novel, nurse, occur, ocean, offer, often, onion, orbit, order, outer,
owner, paint, panel, panic, paper, party, patch, peace, pearl, pedal,
penal, perch, piano, piece, pilot, pinch, place, plain, plane, plank,
plant, plate, plead, point, polar, porch, pound, power, press, price,
pride, prime, print, prior, prize, proof, proud, prove, punch, pupil,
purse, queen, quick, quiet, quite, radar, radio, raise, rally, range,
rapid, ratio, reach, react, ready, realm, rearm, rebel, refer, reply,
reset, retro, rhyme, rider, ridge, right, rinse, rival, river, robot,
rocky, rogue, roles, roman, rough, round, route, royal, rugby, ruins,
rules, rumor, runny, rustic, sadly, saint, salad, scale, scare, scene,
scent, scoop, score, scout, screw, sense, serve, setup, shade, shake,
shame, shape, share, shark, sharp, sheep, sheet, shine, shirt, shock,
shore, short, shout, shrub, sight, silly, since, skill, sleep, slice,
slide, slope, small, smart, smile, smoke, snack, sneak, sniff, solid,
solve, sorry, sound, space, spare, speak, speed, spell, spend, spine
